updated terms (#82)
epiverse-trace/tutorials: learners/reference.md

## A

[Airborne transmission]{#airborne}

> : Individuals become infected via contact with infectious particles in the air. Examples include influenza, and COVID-19. Click[here](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531468/) for more information on airborne transmission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Individuals become infected via contact with infectious particles in the air. Examples include influenza and COVID-19. Several [causes and factors](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531468/) influence airborne transmission.
```

Reviewer: @Degoot-AM if you agree you can also add this as commit to merge this :)

Author: Yes, I do agree
